The Joe Rogan experience. It's the same with Khabib Khabib didn't find buddy,
no mother. He makes them look like they're fighting me. That's the difference.
Look what he.
Did to just engage you. That's all you need to know. If you say Justin gauges,
a nobody, you're crazy. You watched that Tony Ferguson fight just engage.
He's a animals Savage.
And he just closed that gap and he ate a lot of leg kicks to men.
He had a lot of leg kicks. That would, I mean,
I don't know how many of those you can eat from Justin.
Maybe he had like five or six more in the tank, right?
You're on E but he closed the gap.
And then one of them finishing with a triangle off of his back. I mean, God.
A serious question about this. Cause I went through it a couple of times.
So from the moment he got kicked and he initiates the take downs, it was a kick.
He tried the first round. He did it over the head inside single didn't work.
Second round. He tried it off a double from the outside lake kick.
First run was an inside liquor cuts. Hence the inside single didn't work.
So then he goes to the double it's 22 seconds from that until the finish.
So 22 seconds we're apart 22 seconds later. You're unconscious. I mean,
this is my question to you. Is that the best Bactec you've ever seen in MMA?
Because what he does is when Gacy is sprawling in this contest,
he's not just sprawling. He is sprawling and turning.
So he doesn't get pushed into the fence.
He was very diligent about that and the Alvarez and the gateway fights,
you can go back and you can watch it. So in this fight, when you was,
you see the level change that could be pits. You see automatically gateway turn.
Cause he doesn't want to get turned that direction.
But what could be does is he actually scoots under him, pulls him up.
And then with his head, posts them over, gets the hands to plant. Well,
once the hands are planted, the double is over.
He doesn't care about it anymore. Now he just wants the tight waist.
And from the tight waist, he's holding his elbows. Aren't flared.
They're tight here, right? Like he's T-Rex.
And inside at that point you have created, if you're just engaging,
putting your hands,
you've created a stable structure for this guy to now Mount plus,
if you want to skip to the fence to like stand, he can control the ascent.
So he goes, double turns, pushes hands to the mat,
forces Gatesy down. And then with his, uh,
his Gable grip then keeps it there and then replaces it with the hooks and then
turns into it. Turns it to a fake, not a real Joe Rogan, a fake,
uh, had an arm triangle attempt, just so gates.
He gets his elbows away from his body.
Then he chair sits to occupy the space,
then throws the leg over and then sits back and takes mercy upon him.
As we learned later from Daniel Cormier, rather than armbar him from his moms,
I'm just going to try and give you, cause that's the merciful.
This guy is at her taking pity on his opponents and he's doing back ticks
like that.
He is John Jones to me is the most accomplished fighter we've ever seen.
Like the, the, the things accumulate over time.
No one is as flawless as could be number command off. Okay. Not even.
Close. I think that is the argument, right? Like who is the goat?
I think if you look at Jon Jones, his early career, right?
John Jones wins the title in 2011 and from then on has fought more
fights as championship fights. Then he has other fights.
So he's the most accomplished for sure wins the title,
earliest youngest guy to ever win the title in the UFC beats.
Maricio Shogun Hua. Who's a legend.
And then the way he dominates all these other fighters up until you
get to Alexander Gustafson,
you could make the argument that he had a similar career.
You could make the argument. Like if you look at what he did,
John didn't lose any rounds. John was smashing people.
You look what he did to Rashad Evans, rampage, Jackson, look what he did.
Liotta Machida look what he did to everybody. All, everybody,
he fought up until the Gustafson fight, but the Gustafson fight,
then you have to say, well,
how much slack do you give him for admittedly not training because it was a
really close fight. He pulls it out in the championship round.
Even though he's out of shape, even though you talked to Greg Jackson,
he didn't train for that fight. Didn't train, like barely worked out,
but definitely didn't go through a training camp.
Still managed to beat one of the best guys in the division.
After getting taken down for the first time in his career, then goes on a tear,
right? Beats look at the way he beat Daniel Cormier in the first fight,
took him down like who the takes Daniel Cormier down. Right?
And then you look at him in the second fight.
Even though it was ruled a no contest, we know what the happened.
He had kicked him and stopped him. You know, it was spectacular.
You look at what John has done.
Then you have to take into account the things that didn't go that well.
And we haven't seen those from Khabib yet you have to take into account the
fight, like Tiago Santos, right? That. It goes to a split decision.
And you're like, whoa, Dominick, Reyes, Dominick Reyes thought he won the fight.
Right? Real close, real close fight.
So those fights haven't happened with Khabib yet.
And we don't know if they ever could. We don't know. Right? Like right now,
would you see flawless victory after flawless victory?
You can maybe make the argument that could be lost two rounds,
his entire career,
maybe the second round against Justin or a first round rather,
maybe first round, rather against Justin and maybe the third round with Connor.
That's right. That's it. And either one of those didn't get cut.
Didn't get dropped. Didn't get hurt. Right?
Never get cut into, never get dropped.
I don't think folks understand what that means in a sport filled with.
It's not a scientific measurement per se, right?
Who gets cut the most or something,
but in a sport built on unpredictability on violence, uh,
you know, St. Pierre went to wrestling to get away from all of that in large,
in large part. And then to never experience that, it's like,
it is shocking beyond description. It's shocking.
I don't know how to explain that to folks it's uh, but to your point,
the thing about could be where we fall short is that it's just an inevitability.
Like you're run through 29 fights is the best one I've seen through 29 fights
ever, ever. But you know, and John's not my best friend or anything,
but I just don't.
That is the best total resume I've ever seen.
John is the best resume. It's just, it's not, I mean, I know he got, he was,
he was getting all salty on Twitter being like these cubby fans. It's like,
dude, here's shouldn't do that. Oh, you shouldn't do it.
But here's my point to John. It's like, dude,
put the keyboard down for just a second. Here's what's going to happen.
You're going to go to heavyweight and you're going to probably win. I mean,
I don't know, that's a guarantee,
but let's assume that you do all of the conversation.
Everything that happens right now is just recency bias and could be retired and
his father died and it was this incredibly sad and like yeah, inspiring moment.
Let the guy have his moment. Because when you have your moment,
all of the con the warm is going to turn and then Aaron's going to be like,
John's the greatest it's he's going to get his just not today at this moment.
Recency.
Bias. That's real recent biases. That's a real thing. Like,
you know,
we just watch cubby and then the fact that could be did supposedly retire. Come.
On. So yeah, I know. I haven't eaten much. So my head is spinning a little bit.
That's all right. Everyone asks me when they, when I go on, I was like,
are you going to smoke weed? I'm like, there's no chance I'm smoking.
Joe. Rogan's stuff.
There's no chance I'm smoking it right now. I haven't done anything in a month.
I had a couple glasses of wine last night and I was like, woo.
Yeah, I'm feeling it a little bit. Careful.
The, um, the John Jones situation is also a, it's a contrast in personalities,
right? It could be, who's a really religious,
very moral, ethical person who doesn't drink.
He doesn't party doesn't do anything. He just trains.
He's always in phenomenal shape.
He takes every fight incredibly serious. He's never been out of shape.
He's never been fat has never, I mean,
he's missed weight a couple of times earlier in his career,
but he got that dialed in. He's he's just so dedicated.
Whereas John is a wild man. It's just wild.
I mean, you're talking about not training for the ma so excuse me for the, um,
the Gus of some fight, buddy, that ain't the only fight he didn't try for.
Cormier. I did Coke. I still beat you.
Like, I don't think he's lying. I mean, the stories I've heard,
I don't want to repeat them because I cannot verify them,
but I've heard stories. Like, if you all think that was the one fight,
he just like, oh, I'm going to take that.
I'm going to pump the brakes this time. No. I mean,
here's the other part about it? It's like, um, when you, so who's a guy,
for example, who maintained dominance with the game,
it took significant amounts of time off in boxing.
Floyd Mayweather would be a great example of that.
But Floyd has been training as a family affair from adolescents,
right? For the long part of his life.
And he is so gifted that he can take time off.
And the game is so developed that people aren't going to make warp speed
development in his absence. And so they got a little bit better.
Every time he took a little bit time off like the Madonna first fight with the
corkscrew punch. It was a little bit of a, of a wild card there. But in general,
he was able to maintain that dominance in MMA,
the game changes rapidly super fast because people are still discovering best
practices. In two years,
people will not be doing the same kinds of things to the same degree they do.
Now, the calf kick and its explosion, as a result of an obvious example of that.
John was doing things like not training between camps. I mean,
that's something only elite boxers do because they'd been doing this since they
were five, six years old and they can take the time to not necessarily do that.
Whereas most MMA fighters are, I'm a lawyer, I'm an everyday martial artist.
I just ramp it up. He would do nothing.
And then something and still go out there and beat world champions in what at
the time was the UFC's marquee division that is out of this
world bonkers. I'm going to train,
I'm going to beat you as like a part-time guy.
What you just couldn't wrap your head around.
I wonder if maybe there's some benefit to it.
Cause it's not like you got totally out of shape,
but I wonder if there's some benefit to that and that he's not getting beat up.
He's not getting his joints wrecked. And you know, there's probably is a launch.
Yeah. It's a real question of like, what is, what's the best way to approach it?
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere,
but after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.